---
title: Timmy’s
author: Edel
type: post
date: 2011-10-14T03:32:03+00:00
draft: true
private: true
url: /life/timmys/
categories:
  - High School

---
This morning I wasn't able to sleep in. It was my turn for TA snacks so I had to buy doughnuts before school. When I brought the doughnuts to Ms Ricketts she said that she thought I forgot about it. Lol, no.

I sat with Shannon and Aiden (because now they're dating. Yeah I was like WTF too). And Shannon told me that Sarah slapped Brad because he was smoking weed when he was dating her. Fuuu. Brad? Cutie pie bear Brad? I never pegged him to be like that. I'm a bit disappointed. I know most people will say, _It's just weed_. It's still drugs. I thought I had better judgement but I guess not.

Spare was utterly boring today.

In TA we had a lock down. So we ate doughnuts while we sat in the room. But Antonio and Brad weren't even there. They were the ones who wanted doughnuts in the first place. Gahhh.

In math, we had the sub again and went throughout inverse graphs. Fuuuu. It was hard but easy at the same time.

During lunch, I was running all over the place. I had to give Brad a doughnut. Give him a talk about drugs and how he should never ever ever do it again or friends off. Give Shannon a doughnuts. Run all the way to the other school and give Antonio a doughnut. Run back to the band room. Eat. Run to physics. Wonderful.

We had a physics quiz. The formulas and stuff were easy but the graphing. Oh, the graphing. I froze up and had a major brain fart. I had no idea what to do.

In chemistry we just did stoichiometry. Lame sauce.

The girl didn't sit with us again at the bus. Whoot~!


