---
title: The Scarf
author: Edel
type: blog
date: 2013-11-25T23:42:38+00:00
slug: /life/the-scarf/
categories:
  - Life
  - Writing

---
The sun cleared up his eyes and I was instantly lost.
  
Even when his head turned towards mine
  
I could not and would not tear mine away from his.
  
That colour!
  
I had never experienced it before.
  
Warm and clear.
  
I could see forever in his eyes.
  
I could feel his disappointment
  
when he looked into mine: an endless dirt pit.
  
But he smiled at me then, a sweet crooked grin
  
accompanied by an equally sweet pair of crooked teeth.
  
A cat-like curl and a crooked grin.
  
I had never experienced these colours before.

I really wish I could be able to write poems! Poems are beautiful but like I've said before, I'm not a writer. Writers have an innate ability to know and feel words and I definitely do not have that. I tried guys, I tried<sup class="footnote"><a href="#foot_ajs-fn-id_1-203" id="back_ajs-fn-id_1-203">1</a></sup>. If you're wondering what this is about, it's about a random encounter I had while on campus in my freshman year. I hate how encounters on campus are random. Come back, mystery guy!

In other news, I'm seriously fading in motivation. I just feel really down all of a sudden and all of the time. But then I remember AJ from U-KISS and I remember that he goes to Columbia and works his butt off (I hope). AJ, please give me inspiration!! And yeah, Eat Your Kimchi has officially converted me into a Kiss Me. I have mixed feelings. Be right back while I go blast some acid android and DIR EN GREY. Maybe with some Sadie and SCREW in the mix. I need more SCREW songs. And I have an album that I have yet to give a full listen through by DIR EN GREY. I'm so behind in my music! I wish I had money to buy music. ;A; I need a job but I need good grades. Whaaaat is life?


  <li>
    <a id="foot_ajs-fn-id_1-203"></a>But in the end, it doesn't even matter. I just rediscovered Linkin Park, okay.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a class="ajs-back-link" href="#back_ajs-fn-id_1-203"></a>
  </li>


<div id="ajs-fn-id_1-203" style="display:none;margin:0;" class="ajs-footnote-popup">
  <div>
    But in the end, it doesn't even matter. I just rediscovered Linkin Park, okay.
  </div>
</div>