---
title: Here We Go
author: Edel
type: blog
date: 2013-11-02T05:57:28+00:00
url: /blog/here-we-go/
categories:
  - Updates

---
There's nothing like starting a new website on the first day of a month, halfway through the semester, and with my very first responsive design.

I'm excited that I'm (silently) opening this website but I also have this nagging feeling at the back of my mind. I need to close a few other chapters in my online life. I have two domains that I will be letting go. One is my current blog and the other was a failed project blog of mine. Unfortunately, I'm a huge domain junkie. I've spent an embarrassing amount of money on domains. People have their shoes or their Filofaxes<sup class="footnote"><a href="#foot_ajs-fn-id_1-14" id="back_ajs-fn-id_1-14">1</a></sup> and I have my domains.

Actually, I was just watching an old episode of the Rooster Teeth<sup class="footnote"><a href="#foot_ajs-fn-id_2-14" id="back_ajs-fn-id_2-14">2</a></sup> podcast and Gus Sorola was saying how it was too easy for people to get a domain name and that they should restrict it more. I understand why he's saying that and I even agree a little but at the same time, I'm one of those people he's talking about. You know, the ones that buy a domain but never really end up doing anything with it. I always intend to but somehow that always fall through the cracks. With this blog starting on the 1st of November, I feel like I should blog everyday now. Weird how that works.

I've started taking the bus to school instead of the train and because of that, posting everyday just might be possible. My commute is now an hour and a half<sup class="footnote"><a href="#foot_ajs-fn-id_3-14" id="back_ajs-fn-id_3-14">3</a></sup>, which leaves me plenty of time to muse on my day in the form of blogging. The downside is that I feel way more tired on a bus than I do on a train. I almost always fall asleep when I take the bus home. As a classmate of mine would say, #TheStruggle.

Ever since Tumblr came into my life, I feel the need to ironically use hash tags. Does that make me a hipster? #YOLO. #SWAG. #LOL. No really, I literally find myself in situations where I almost blurt "hash tag YOLO." It doesn't fit my personality at all either. Tumblr has also conditioned me to react in gifs or curse words in my mind. I'm not a fan of this. Thankfully, I quit Tumblr for now but that doesn't mean I still have these tendencies.

Anyway, my sleeping schedule has not been working out this past week. I want to start sleeping before midnight and it's already half past _and_ I plan on waking up early. I need sleep... Maybe that way I won't fall asleep on the bus when I should be writing blog posts.


  <li>
    <a id="foot_ajs-fn-id_1-14"></a>I actually have 3 Filofaxes, shh...&nbsp;&nbsp;<a class="ajs-back-link" href="#back_ajs-fn-id_1-14"></a>
  </li>
  <li>
    <a id="foot_ajs-fn-id_2-14"></a><a href="http://roosterteeth.com">Rooster Teeth</a>: entertainment company&nbsp;&nbsp;<a class="ajs-back-link" href="#back_ajs-fn-id_2-14"></a>
  </li>
  <li>
    <a id="foot_ajs-fn-id_3-14"></a>It was an hour and 20 minutes before&nbsp;&nbsp;<a class="ajs-back-link" href="#back_ajs-fn-id_3-14"></a>
  </li>


<div id="ajs-fn-id_1-14" style="display:none;margin:0;" class="ajs-footnote-popup">
  <div>
    I actually have 3 Filofaxes, shh...
  </div>
</div>

<div id="ajs-fn-id_2-14" style="display:none;margin:0;" class="ajs-footnote-popup">
  <div>
    <a href="http://roosterteeth.com">Rooster Teeth</a>: entertainment company
  </div>
</div>

<div id="ajs-fn-id_3-14" style="display:none;margin:0;" class="ajs-footnote-popup">
  <div>
    It was an hour and 20 minutes before
  </div>
</div>